# FightCorona.web
FIGHT CORONA, Application has been developed to create awareness about the novel corona virus among the people of all over the world. Uses your location to update corona virus stats in your country.  Problem: Corona virus disease (COVID-19) is an infectious disease caused by a newly discovered corona virus.  Most people infected with the COVID-19 experience mild to serve respiratory illness. Older people and those with underlying medical problems like cardiovascular disease, diabetes, chronic respiratory disease, and cancer are more likely to develop serious illness and even death.  At this time, there are no specific vaccines or treatments for COVID-19. However, many ongoing clinical trials are evaluating potential treatments.  Solution: The best way to prevent and slow down transmission is to be well informed about the COVID-19 virus, the disease it causes and how it spreads. Protect yourself and others from infection by washing your hands or using an alcohol-based rub frequently and not touching your face.  This app provides basic alerts for the prevention of Corona virus and the necessary information one needs to know about covid-19.  We take care of the correct information and updates through this app.  The app has the following main sections for citizens:  1. Online information : Uses your phone location to display corona virus stats in your country. Contains hourly updates about No of cases, cases Recovered and no of Deaths in a particular country to make people aware of Corona disaster in their countries and the rest of the world.  2. Set reminders: contain alarm setting for hand wash and mask change.  People ( specifically the elder once who are more prone to covid-19 ) usually forget to wash their hands or to change mask timely.  This option will help them to set alarm according to their needs and to be safe.  3. Protect yourself : image explanation of how to wash hands , dispose mask and other preventative measures  which helps to reduce rapid spread of novel corona virus.  4. FAQs: Contain general questions that one must know about covid-19.  5. Myths: contain myths about covid-19 prevention   People spread wrong preventive measures about this disease which is not technologically beneficial to fight the Corona virus. Thus, this section contains some of the misinformation spreading across the world which need not follow.   Few features like corona update and vaccine R&amp;D will be uploaded on the app soon.  Advisories and instructions will be updated from time to time via PUSH notification on the App.  This App will provide quick information and help to you. You should visit the nearby health center if you develop a novel corona virus symptom.  Save yourself and your loved once.  Made with ❤ for humanity
